DOCS-601 - Copilot FAQ (#4870)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/copilot.md

## Security and compliance

Sumo Logic Copilot leverages foundational models provided by Amazon Bedrock, inheriting their robust compliance and security posture. For detailed information, refer to the following Amazon Bedrock security and compliance resources:

* [Security in Amazon Bedrock](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/security.html)
* [Amazon Bedrock Security and Privacy](https://aws.amazon.com/bedrock/security-compliance/)

Additionally, all aspects of our service, including Copilot, adhere to the security and compliance requirements outlined in our [service agreement](https://www.sumologic.com/service-agreement) or in individually negotiated contracts.

> Copilot ensures that customer data remains private and secure:

Author: ```suggestion
```

## FAQ

<details>
<summary>What is Sumo Logic Mo Copilot?</summary>

Sumo Logic Mo Copilot is an AI assistant integrated into the Sumo Logic Log Analytics Platform. It enables natural language queries and contextual troubleshooting, helping users extract actionable insights from logs. Copilot does not process or share your log data with any third party.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I use Copilot to analyze unstructured logs?</summary>

Yes, Copilot can extract relevant insights from unstructured logs, provided Field Extraction Rules (FERs) are applied. It also supports semi-structured logs (JSON + unstructured payloads).
</details>

<details>
<summary>Does Copilot save search history?</summary>

Yes, Copilot retains conversation and search history, allowing you to resume investigations with context and continuity.
</details>

<details>
<summary>What role does AI play in Copilot?</summary>

Copilot uses AI to interpret natural language queries and recommend search results or query refinements, streamlining log analysis.
</details>

<details>
<summary>What specific types of customer data or PII does the AI process? Does it filter out PII/sensitive information?</summary>

> Sumo Logic Copilot processes schema and field samples to provide context to the AI. While field values can contain PII or confidential data (e.g., email addresses or IP addresses), these values are used solely to enable insights and are protected under strict compliance and security reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sumo Logic Copilot processes schema and field samples to provide context to the AI. While field values can contain PII or confidential data (for example, email addresses or IP addresses), these values are used solely to enable insights and are protected under strict compliance and security reviews.
```
